<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

    Please see, the rules
    <rich:collapsiblePanel header="Requirements for the distribution of materials on the website" expanded="false" switchType="client" style="background-color: inherit">

        <ul>
            <li> Post article the author may or owner of the rights to it. Articles from the open internet resources placed with the prior written consent of the author to publish and guidance to the source. This rule also applies to all the illustrations accompanying material. </li>

            <li> We accept articles from authors or copyright holders in the following languages: Ukrainian, Russian and English. </li>

            <li> Publication of articles held registered users. </li>

            <li> The editor can fix grammatical errors and correctly modify the style material. </li>

            <li> We disclaim placing of pornographic content and links to similar resources (intimate sites). Forbidden to publishing texts that are racist, terrorist or other illegal nature of the information. </li>

            <li> The articles contained in this catalog, are extremely informative nature. There may be books that contain incorrect or outdated information. Texts legal and medical issues can not be regarded as expert advice. </li>

             <li> We do not pay the fee authors of the materials does not charge a fee for a place to put article. </li>

             <li> To promote this resource we are entitled to supplement our contextual advertising materials, graphic banners. Unsubscribe advertising can for a fee. </li>

             <li> In identifying plagiarism in our catalog you must provide evidence of your authorship. In fulfilling this condition at the request of the author's real material will be removed. We are also ready to change the reference in the article to those listed real author of the material. </li>

             <li> Article unlisted will appear after acceptance Editor. </li>

             <li> Administration resource may amend or supplement these rules. About all changes relating to a particular material, the author will be informed by e-mail. </li>
        </ul>
    </rich:collapsiblePanel>
</ui:composition>
